Added an example Entity for Serializer (#13432)
symfony/symfony-docs: serializer.rst

    $ composer require sensio/framework-extra-bundle

Next, add the :ref:`@Groups annotations <component-serializer-attributes-groups-annotations>`
to your class::

    // src/Entity/Product.php
    namespace App\Entity;
    
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Annotation\Groups;
    
    /**

>     * @ORM\Entity()

Reviewer: indentation is off here

    */
    class Product
    {

>     

Reviewer: this empty line can be removed

>     * @ORM\Entity(repositoryClass="App\Repository\ProductRepository")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * @ORM\Entity()
```

repository seems out of context here, wdyt?

Author: Yes you are right

       /**
         * @ORM\Id
         * @ORM\GeneratedValue
         * @ORM\Column(type="integer")
         * @Groups({"show_product", "list_product"})
         */
        private $id;

        /**
         * @ORM\Column(type="string", length=255)
         * @Groups({"show_product", "list_product"}) 
         */
        private $name;

        /**
         * @ORM\Column(type="integer")
         * @Groups({"show_product", "list_product"}) 
         */

>         private $price;

Reviewer: How about We omit this property to make the example a bit smaller and just leave name & description?

        
        /**
         * @ORM\Column(type="integer")
         * @Groups({"show_product"}) 
         */
        private $description;

    }

> and choose which groups to use when serializing::

Reviewer: Just a personal preference; instead of continuing sentences after an example I prefer having a full sentence to make it easier to read without having to catch up with the previous sentence after looking at the example.

```suggestion
You can now choose which groups to use when serializing::
```
